Change Webpack config to support client and server versions (#49)
spree/spree-storefront-api-v2-js-sdk: README.md

```js
import { makeClient } from '@spree/storefront-api-v2-sdk'

> // When using the SDK in a browser, instead use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// When using the SDK in a <script> tag or as part of a Webpack bundle
// targeted for the browser, use:
```
